Update push_max.md (#6802)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/android/push_max.md

- Available for Android push notifications only
- Not supported for action-based or API-triggered messages

> - Not supported when the "most recently used device" option is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not supported when the option to [only send to the user's last used device]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/creating_a_push_message#device-options) is selected
```
